


@float Table,gnutls_rnd_level_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-RND_@-NONCE
Non-predictable random number.  Fatal in parts
of session if broken, i.e., vulnerable to statistical analysis.
@item GNUTLS_@-RND_@-RANDOM
Pseudo-random cryptographic random number.
Fatal in session if broken.
@item GNUTLS_@-RND_@-KEY
Fatal in many sessions if broken.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_cipher_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-NULL
NULL algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-ARCFOUR_@-128
ARCFOUR stream cipher with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-3DES_@-CBC
3DES in CBC mode.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES_@-128_@-CBC
AES in CBC mode with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES_@-256_@-CBC
AES in CBC mode with 256-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-ARCFOUR_@-40
ARCFOUR stream cipher with 40-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-CAMELLIA_@-128_@-CBC
Camellia in CBC mode with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-CAMELLIA_@-256_@-CBC
Camellia in CBC mode with 256-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-RC2_@-40_@-CBC
RC2 in CBC mode with 40-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-DES_@-CBC
DES in CBC mode (56-bit keys).
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES_@-192_@-CBC
AES in CBC mode with 192-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES_@-128_@-GCM
AES in GCM mode with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES_@-256_@-GCM
AES in GCM mode with 256-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-IDEA_@-PGP_@-CFB
IDEA in CFB mode.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-3DES_@-PGP_@-CFB
3DES in CFB mode.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-CAST5_@-PGP_@-CFB
CAST5 in CFB mode.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-BLOWFISH_@-PGP_@-CFB
Blowfish in CFB mode.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-SAFER_@-SK128_@-PGP_@-CFB
Safer-SK in CFB mode with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES128_@-PGP_@-CFB
AES in CFB mode with 128-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES192_@-PGP_@-CFB
AES in CFB mode with 192-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-AES256_@-PGP_@-CFB
AES in CFB mode with 256-bit keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-CIPHER_@-TWOFISH_@-PGP_@-CFB
Twofish in CFB mode.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_kx_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-RSA
RSA key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-DHE_@-DSS
DHE-DSS key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-DHE_@-RSA
DHE-RSA key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-ANON_@-DH
Anon-DH key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-SRP
SRP key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-RSA_@-EXPORT
RSA-EXPORT key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-SRP_@-RSA
SRP-RSA key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-SRP_@-DSS
SRP-DSS key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-PSK
PSK key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-DHE_@-PSK
DHE-PSK key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-ANON_@-ECDH
Anon-ECDH key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-ECDHE_@-RSA
ECDHE-RSA key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-ECDHE_@-ECDSA
ECDHE-ECDSA key-exchange algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-KX_@-ECDHE_@-PSK
ECDHE-PSK key-exchange algorithm.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_params_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PARAMS_@-RSA_@-EXPORT
Session RSA-EXPORT parameters.
@item GNUTLS_@-PARAMS_@-DH
Session Diffie-Hellman parameters.
@item GNUTLS_@-PARAMS_@-ECDH
Session Elliptic-Curve Diffie-Hellman parameters.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_credentials_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CRD_@-CERTIFICATE
Certificate credential.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRD_@-ANON
Anonymous credential.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRD_@-SRP
SRP credential.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRD_@-PSK
PSK credential.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRD_@-IA
IA credential.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_mac_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown MAC algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-NULL
NULL MAC algorithm (empty output).
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-MD5
HMAC-MD5 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-SHA1
HMAC-SHA-1 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-RMD160
HMAC-RMD160 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-MD2
HMAC-MD2 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-SHA256
HMAC-SHA-256 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-SHA384
HMAC-SHA-384 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-SHA512
HMAC-SHA-512 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-SHA224
HMAC-SHA-224 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-MAC_@-AEAD
MAC implicit through AEAD cipher.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_digest_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown hash algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-NULL
NULL hash algorithm (empty output).
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-MD5
MD5 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-SHA1
SHA-1 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-RMD160
RMD160 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-MD2
MD2 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-SHA256
SHA-256 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-SHA384
SHA-384 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-SHA512
SHA-512 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-DIG_@-SHA224
SHA-224 algorithm.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_compression_method_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-COMP_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown compression method.
@item GNUTLS_@-COMP_@-NULL
The NULL compression method (no compression).
@item GNUTLS_@-COMP_@-DEFLATE
The DEFLATE compression method from zlib.
@item GNUTLS_@-COMP_@-ZLIB
Same as @code{GNUTLS_COMP_DEFLATE}.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_alert_level_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-AL_@-WARNING
Alert of warning severity.
@item GNUTLS_@-AL_@-FATAL
Alert of fatal severity.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_alert_description_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-CLOSE_@-NOTIFY
Close notify.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNEXPECTED_@-MESSAGE
Unexpected message.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-BAD_@-RECORD_@-MAC
Bad record MAC.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-DECRYPTION_@-FAILED
Decryption failed.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-RECORD_@-OVERFLOW
Record overflow.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-DECOMPRESSION_@-FAILURE
Decompression failed.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-HANDSHAKE_@-FAILURE
Handshake failed.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-SSL3_@-NO_@-CERTIFICATE
No certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-BAD_@-CERTIFICATE
Certificate is bad.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNSUPPORTED_@-CERTIFICATE
Certificate is not supported.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-CERTIFICATE_@-REVOKED
Certificate was revoked.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-CERTIFICATE_@-EXPIRED
Certificate is expired.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-CERTIFICATE_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-ILLEGAL_@-PARAMETER
Illegal parameter.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNKNOWN_@-CA
CA is unknown.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-ACCESS_@-DENIED
Access was denied.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-DECODE_@-ERROR
Decode error.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-DECRYPT_@-ERROR
Decrypt error.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-EXPORT_@-RESTRICTION
Export restriction.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-PROTOCOL_@-VERSION
Error in protocol version.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-INSUFFICIENT_@-SECURITY
Insufficient security.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-INTERNAL_@-ERROR
Internal error.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-USER_@-CANCELED
User canceled.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-NO_@-RENEGOTIATION
No renegotiation is allowed.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNSUPPORTED_@-EXTENSION
An unsupported extension was
sent.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-CERTIFICATE_@-UNOBTAINABLE
Could not retrieve the
specified certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNRECOGNIZED_@-NAME
The server name sent was not
recognized.
@item GNUTLS_@-A_@-UNKNOWN_@-PSK_@-IDENTITY
The SRP/PSK username is missing
or not known.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_handshake_description_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-HELLO_@-REQUEST
Hello request.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CLIENT_@-HELLO
Client hello.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-SERVER_@-HELLO
Server hello.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-HELLO_@-VERIFY_@-REQUEST
DTLS Hello verify request.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-NEW_@-SESSION_@-TICKET
New session ticket.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CERTIFICATE_@-PKT
Certificate packet.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-SERVER_@-KEY_@-EXCHANGE
Server key exchange.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CERTIFICATE_@-REQUEST
Certificate request.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-SERVER_@-HELLO_@-DONE
Server hello done.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CERTIFICATE_@-VERIFY
Certificate verify.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CLIENT_@-KEY_@-EXCHANGE
Client key exchange.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-FINISHED
Finished.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-SUPPLEMENTAL
Supplemental.
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CHANGE_@-CIPHER_@-SPEC
Change Cipher Spec
@item GNUTLS_@-HANDSHAKE_@-CLIENT_@-HELLO_@-V2
SSLv2 Client Hello.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_status_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-INVALID
The certificate is not signed by one of the
known authorities or the signature is invalid.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-REVOKED
Certificate is revoked by its authority.  In X.509 this will be
set only if CRLs are checked.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-SIGNER_@-NOT_@-FOUND
The certificate's issuer is not known. 
This is the case if the issue is not included in the trusted certificate list.
not found.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-SIGNER_@-NOT_@-CA
The certiﬁcate’s signer was not a CA. This
may happen if this was a version 1 certiﬁcate, which is common with 
some CAs, or a version 3 certiﬁcate without the basic constrains extension.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-INSECURE_@-ALGORITHM
The certiﬁcate was signed using an in-
secure algorithm such as MD2 or MD5. These algorithms have been broken and
should not be trusted.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-NOT_@-ACTIVATED
The certificate is not yet activated.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-EXPIRED
The certificate has expired.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_request_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-IGNORE
Ignore certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-REQUEST
Request certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-CERT_@-REQUIRE
Require certificate.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_openpgp_crt_status_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-OPENPGP_@-CERT
Send entire certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-OPENPGP_@-CERT_@-FINGERPRINT
Send only certificate fingerprint.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_close_request_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SHUT_@-RDWR
Disallow further receives/sends.
@item GNUTLS_@-SHUT_@-WR
Disallow further sends.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_protocol_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SSL3
SSL version 3.0.
@item GNUTLS_@-TLS1_@-0
TLS version 1.0.
@item GNUTLS_@-TLS1
Same as @code{GNUTLS_TLS1_0}.
@item GNUTLS_@-TLS1_@-1
TLS version 1.1.
@item GNUTLS_@-TLS1_@-2
TLS version 1.2.
@item GNUTLS_@-DTLS1_@-0
DTLS version 1.0.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERSION_@-MAX
Maps to the highest supported TLS version.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERSION_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown SSL/TLS version.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown certificate type.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-X509
X.509 Certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-OPENPGP
OpenPGP certificate.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_x509_crt_fmt_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-X509_@-FMT_@-DER
X.509 certificate in DER format (binary).
@item GNUTLS_@-X509_@-FMT_@-PEM
X.509 certificate in PEM format (text).
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_print_formats_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-PRINT_@-FULL
Full information about certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-PRINT_@-ONELINE
Information about certificate in one line.
@item GNUTLS_@-CRT_@-PRINT_@-UNSIGNED_@-FULL
All info for an unsigned certificate.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pk_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PK_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown public-key algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-PK_@-RSA
RSA public-key algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-PK_@-DSA
DSA public-key algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-PK_@-DH
Diffie-Hellman algorithm. Used to generate parameters.
@item GNUTLS_@-PK_@-ECC
Elliptic curve algorithm. Used to generate parameters.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_sign_algorithm_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown signature algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA1
Digital signature algorithm RSA with SHA-1
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA
Same as @code{GNUTLS_SIGN_RSA_SHA1}.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-DSA_@-SHA1
Digital signature algorithm DSA with SHA-1
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-DSA_@-SHA
Same as @code{GNUTLS_SIGN_DSA_SHA1}.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-MD5
Digital signature algorithm RSA with MD5.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-MD2
Digital signature algorithm RSA with MD2.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-RMD160
Digital signature algorithm RSA with RMD-160.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA256
Digital signature algorithm RSA with SHA-256.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA384
Digital signature algorithm RSA with SHA-384.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA512
Digital signature algorithm RSA with SHA-512.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-SHA224
Digital signature algorithm RSA with SHA-224.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-DSA_@-SHA224
Digital signature algorithm DSA with SHA-224
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-DSA_@-SHA256
Digital signature algorithm DSA with SHA-256
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-ECDSA_@-SHA1
ECDSA with SHA1.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-ECDSA_@-SHA224
Digital signature algorithm ECDSA with SHA-224.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-ECDSA_@-SHA256
Digital signature algorithm ECDSA with SHA-256.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-ECDSA_@-SHA384
Digital signature algorithm ECDSA with SHA-384.
@item GNUTLS_@-SIGN_@-ECDSA_@-SHA512
Digital signature algorithm ECDSA with SHA-512.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_ecc_curve_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-INVALID
Cannot be known
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-SECP224R1
the SECP224R1 curve
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-SECP256R1
the SECP256R1 curve
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-SECP384R1
the SECP384R1 curve
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-SECP521R1
the SECP521R1 curve
@item GNUTLS_@-ECC_@-CURVE_@-SECP192R1
the SECP192R1 curve
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_sec_param_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-UNKNOWN
Cannot be known
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-WEAK
50 or less bits of security
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-LOW
80 bits of security
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-NORMAL
112 bits of security
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-HIGH
128 bits of security
@item GNUTLS_@-SEC_@-PARAM_@-ULTRA
192 bits of security
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_channel_binding_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-CB_@-TLS_@-UNIQUE
"tls-unique" (RFC 5929) channel binding
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_server_name_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-NAME_@-DNS
Domain Name System name type.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_supplemental_data_format_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SUPPLEMENTAL_@-USER_@-MAPPING_@-DATA
Supplemental user mapping data.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_psk_key_flags

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PSK_@-KEY_@-RAW
PSK-key in raw format.
@item GNUTLS_@-PSK_@-KEY_@-HEX
PSK-key in hex format.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_x509_subject_alt_name_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-DNSNAME
DNS-name SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-RFC822NAME
E-mail address SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-URI
URI SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-IPADDRESS
IP address SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-OTHERNAME
OtherName SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-DN
DN SAN.
@item GNUTLS_@-SAN_@-OTHERNAME_@-XMPP
Virtual SAN, used by
gnutls_x509_crt_get_subject_alt_othername_oid.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_privkey_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PRIVKEY_@-X509
X.509 private key, @code{gnutls_x509_privkey_t}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PRIVKEY_@-OPENPGP
OpenPGP private key, @code{gnutls_openpgp_privkey_t}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PRIVKEY_@-PKCS11
PKCS11 private key, @code{gnutls_pkcs11_privkey_t}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PRIVKEY_@-EXT
External private key, operating using callbacks.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_openpgp_crt_fmt_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-OPENPGP_@-FMT_@-RAW
OpenPGP certificate in raw format.
@item GNUTLS_@-OPENPGP_@-FMT_@-BASE64
OpenPGP certificate in base64 format.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs11_obj_info_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ID_@-HEX
The object ID in hex.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-LABEL
The object label.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-TOKEN_@-LABEL
The token's label.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-TOKEN_@-SERIAL
The token's serial number.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-TOKEN_@-MANUFACTURER
The token's manufacturer.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-TOKEN_@-MODEL
The token's model.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ID
The object ID.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-LIBRARY_@-VERSION
The library's used to access the object version.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-LIBRARY_@-DESCRIPTION
The library's used to access the object description (name).
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-LIBRARY_@-MANUFACTURER
The library's used to access the object manufacturer name.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs11_obj_attr_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-CRT_@-ALL
Specify all certificates.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-CRT_@-TRUSTED
Specify all certificates marked as trusted.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-CRT_@-WITH_@-PRIVKEY
Specify all certificates with a corresponding private key.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-PUBKEY
Specify all public keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-PRIVKEY
Specify all private keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-ATTR_@-ALL
Specify all objects.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs11_token_info_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-TOKEN_@-LABEL
The token's label
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-TOKEN_@-SERIAL
The token's serial number
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-TOKEN_@-MANUFACTURER
The token's manufacturer
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-TOKEN_@-MODEL
The token's model
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs11_obj_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown PKCS11 object.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-X509_@-CRT
X.509 certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-PUBKEY
Public key.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-PRIVKEY
Private key.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-SECRET_@-KEY
Secret key.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS11_@-OBJ_@-DATA
Data object.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs12_bag_type_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-EMPTY
Empty PKCS-12 bag.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-PKCS8_@-ENCRYPTED_@-KEY
PKCS-12 bag with PKCS-8 encrypted key.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-PKCS8_@-KEY
PKCS-12 bag with PKCS-8 key.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-CERTIFICATE
PKCS-12 bag with certificate.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-CRL
PKCS-12 bag with CRL.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-SECRET
PKCS-12 bag with secret PKCS-9 keys.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-ENCRYPTED
Encrypted PKCS-12 bag.
@item GNUTLS_@-BAG_@-UNKNOWN
Unknown PKCS-12 bag.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_import_flags

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-X509_@-CRT_@-LIST_@-IMPORT_@-FAIL_@-IF_@-EXCEED
Fail if the
certificates in the buffer are more than the space allocated for
certificates. The error code will be @code{GNUTLS_E_SHORT_MEMORY_BUFFER}.
@item GNUTLS_@-X509_@-CRT_@-LIST_@-FAIL_@-IF_@-UNSORTED
Fail if the certificates
in the buffer are not ordered starting from subject to issuer.
The error code will be @code{GNUTLS_E_CERTIFICATE_LIST_UNSORTED}.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_certificate_verify_flags

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DISABLE_@-CA_@-SIGN
If set a signer does not have to be
a certificate authority. This flag should normaly be disabled,
unless you know what this means.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-ALLOW_@-X509_@-V1_@-CA_@-CRT
Allow trusted CA certiﬁcates
with version 1. This is safer than @code{GNUTLS_VERIFY_ALLOW_ANY_X509_V1_CA_CRT},
and should be used instead. That way only signers in your trusted list
will be allowed to have certiﬁcates of version 1. This is the default.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DO_@-NOT_@-ALLOW_@-SAME
If a certificate is not signed by
anyone trusted but exists in the trusted CA list do not treat it
as trusted.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-ALLOW_@-ANY_@-X509_@-V1_@-CA_@-CRT
Allow CA certificates that
have version 1 (both root and intermediate). This might be
dangerous since those haven't the basicConstraints
extension. Must be used in combination with
@code{GNUTLS_VERIFY_ALLOW_X509_V1_CA_CRT}.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-ALLOW_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-MD2
Allow certificates to be signed
using the broken MD2 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-ALLOW_@-SIGN_@-RSA_@-MD5
Allow certificates to be signed
using the broken MD5 algorithm.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DISABLE_@-TIME_@-CHECKS
Disable checking of activation
and expiration validity periods of certificate chains. Don't set
this unless you understand the security implications.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DISABLE_@-TRUSTED_@-TIME_@-CHECKS
If set a signer in the trusted
list is never checked for expiration or activation.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DO_@-NOT_@-ALLOW_@-X509_@-V1_@-CA_@-CRT
Do not allow trusted CA
certificates that have version 1.  This option is to be used
to deprecate all certificates of version 1.
@item GNUTLS_@-VERIFY_@-DISABLE_@-CRL_@-CHECKS
Disable checking for validity
using certificate revocation lists.
@end itemize
@end float


@float Table,gnutls_pkcs_encrypt_flags_t

@itemize
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-PLAIN
Unencrypted private key.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS8_@-PLAIN
Same as @code{GNUTLS_PKCS_PLAIN}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-3DES
PKCS-12 3DES.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS8_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-3DES
Same as @code{GNUTLS_PKCS_USE_PKCS12_3DES}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-ARCFOUR
PKCS-12 ARCFOUR.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS8_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-ARCFOUR
Same as @code{GNUTLS_PKCS_USE_PKCS12_ARCFOUR}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-RC2_@-40
PKCS-12 RC2-40.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS8_@-USE_@-PKCS12_@-RC2_@-40
Same as @code{GNUTLS_PKCS_USE_PKCS12_RC2_40}.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PBES2_@-3DES
PBES2 3DES.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PBES2_@-AES_@-128
PBES2 AES-128.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PBES2_@-AES_@-192
PBES2 AES-192.
@item GNUTLS_@-PKCS_@-USE_@-PBES2_@-AES_@-256
PBES2 AES-256.
@end itemize
@end float
